1. frog went a-courtin', and he did ride, uh-huh,
Frog went a-courtin', and he did ride, uh-huh,
Frog went a-courtin', and he did ride.
With a sword and a pistol by his side, uh-huh.
2. well he rode up to miss mousey's door, uh-huh,
Well he rode up to miss mousey's door, uh-huh,
Well he rode up to miss mousey's door.
Gave three loud raps and a very big roar, uh-huh.
3. said, "miss mouse, are you within? " uh-huh,
Said he, "miss mouse, are you within? " uh-huh,
Said, "miss mouse, are you within? "
"yes, kind sir, I sit and spin," uh-huh.
4. he took miss mousey on his knee, uh-huh,
Took miss mousey on his knee, uh-huh,
Took miss mousey on his knee.
Said, "miss mousey, will you marry me? " uh-huh.
5. "without my uncle rat's consent, uh-huh
"without my uncle rat's consent, uh-huh
"without my uncle rat's consent.
I wouldn't marry the president, uh-huh
6. uncle rat laughed and he shook his fat sides, uh-huh,
Uncle rat laughed and he shook his fat sides, uh-huh,
Uncle rat laughed and he shook his fat sides,.
To think his niece would be a bride, uh-huh.
7. uncle rat went runnin' downtown, uh-huh,
Uncle rat went runnin' downtown, uh-huh,
Uncle rat went runnin' downtown.
To buy his niece a wedding gown, uh-huh
8. where shall the wedding supper be? uh-huh,
Where shall the wedding supper be? uh-huh,
Where shall the wedding supper be? 
Way down yonder in a hollow tree, uh-huh
9. what should the wedding supper be? uh-huh,
What should the wedding supper be? uh-huh,
What should the wedding supper be? 
Fried mosquito in a black-eye pea, uh-huh.
10. well, first to come in was a flyin' moth, uh-huh,
First to come in was a flyin' moth, uh-huh,
First to come in was a flyin' moth.
She laid out the table cloth, uh-huh.
11. next to come in was a juney bug, uh-huh,
Next to come in was a juney bug, uh-huh,
Next to come in was a juney bug.
She brought the water jug, uh-huh.
12. next to come in was a bumbley bee, uh-huh
Next to come in was a bumbley bee, uh-huh
Next to come in was a bumbley bee.
Sat mosquito on his knee, uh-huh.
13. next to come in was a broken black flea, uh-huh,
Next to come in was a broken black flea, uh-huh,
Next to come in was a broken black flea.
Danced a jig with the bumbley bee, uh-huh.
14. next to come in was mrs. cow, uh-huh,
Next to come in was mrs. cow, uh-huh,
Next to come in was mrs. cow.
She tried to dance but she didn't know how, uh-huh.
15. next to come in was a little black tick, uh-huh,
Next to come in was a little black tick, uh-huh,
Next to come in was a little black tick.
She ate so much she made us sick, uh-huh.
16. next to come in was a big black snake, uh-huh,
Next to come in was a big black snake, uh-huh,
Next to come in was a big black snake.
Ate up all of the wedding cake, uh-huh.
17. next to come was the old gray cat, uh-huh,
Next to come was the old gray cat, uh-huh,
Next to come was the old gray cat.
Swallowed the mouse and ate up the rat, uh-huh.
18. mr. frog went a-hoppin' up over the brook, uh-huh,
Mr. frog went a-hoppin' up over the brook, uh-huh,
Mr. frog went a-hoppin' up over the brook.
A lily-white duck come and swallowed him up, uh-huh.
19. a little piece of cornbread layin' on a shelf, uh-huh,
A little piece of cornbread layin' on a shelf, uh-huh,
A little piece of cornbread layin' on a shelf.
If you want anymore, you can sing it yourself, uh-huh.